Hi, how are you girls, I know that
It will be done and you life is not
pink
[Applause]
to you has also happened and if not
they know a friend who has
past
we meet a boy asks us the
phone invites us to leave and we started
to leave a week two weeks a month
two months six months eight months and never
asks you to be your average one good day
you despair and the USSR goes out or the one who lives
within you and demand clear accounts do not
without first having passed in the past
months of your life spinning and
round and round and round in your head
to know when he is going to ask you to be
his girlfriend or if he wants his girlfriend and you do not
you've noticed but if you know the
papás has introduced you with friends
round and round and round and round in
head then you decide to put the
things clear and the boy says to you
I'm not so interested because they do
this because men will be able to leave
many months with a girl and never
formalize and then when we
we get half pons if we start
demand accounts and say what it is that
It's going ok sometimes decide to let
give us an opportunity and if they do not grab
your little things and they go away far away
because they do this because they can pass
so much time with a girl without talking about
what is happening between you
and make things clear
to clarify all these issues
we have the cameras of life is not
pink so we went out to the streets of the
Mexico City to ask the
guys that makes them decide to have
bride or formalize a situation that
they have with a girl and what is the
difference between just going out and asking
that is his girlfriend accompany me
and go out with her because suddenly nothing
more is this
one night or once in a while and I wanted to be
her boyfriend is obviously older
the commitment is greater
you also want to be sure
with her do not give if you go out with your girlfriend
so you take her to dinner things like that more
I think so and when you go out
with her and also something like partying
just like a smart bar that knows a
conversation topic that communication
that there is a friendship first, not if not
there is a friendship first of all
is pure sex, well, no, not if you want a
relationship with someone has to draw a
friendship first the difference if they are the
intentions do not always come out with a
friend taking a beer is different
try to date someone to be
with him not to ask him to be your girlfriend
has many commitments to go out with the
girl has no commitment more than
have a good time
Well it is not called depending
how do you get along with her chemistry
what about the feelings that are put
in the middle
that there is something real or that what is
looking for it already depends if there is
some feeling for example because already if
you start to love the girl or something like that
I think good for me in my point
view is that if you're going to walk with the
line is when there is something more than just what
physical when already after leaving a
time you realize that it already exists as
a connection not so much
Friendship is as much as I am
with spirit at least they are
connected and the sexual manna is also
the three things you know that it can be your
new and very clearly so turn on
with your parents is that I just do not know
that shoots it there are no people with whom
you connect well but for example also
there's the matter of maybe the other
person does not see you as a possibility
not at all somehow from the
principle you realize
good using an english ism maybe
let's say the matter at first you
you see and see that if I continue in or that
it works that already cooperates and your functions
then another encourages no and there's also
people with whom you have let's say plans
that the thing is more serious but not
concrete never because you do not connect so much
I do not think so, what do you think
they have many things in common
I mean, maybe for you
get to formalize a relationship is
because it already analyzes this many other
things you already went out with that person and
you said if I want to go out I want to have a
relationship with this person not much more
formal says that women are
complicated but the mind of them
nor is it a simple place like
they could account for none do not know
explain exactly how many the moment
in which they decide what a girl is going to be
his girlfriend or that they can only go out with
she for months without any commitment
in which all agree is that
they need a connection a lot
beyond the physical to be able
formalize that relationship what seems
remain half clear after these
interviews is that men always
you know if that girl goes for girlfriend or just
they are having a good time, that is without
commitments in my experience girls the
truth is that when a man wants
be with us will do what
impossible to be with us and that
implies that he will want no other
man can approach you is to say that
is going to ask you to be his girlfriend for
be able to know that only the one will be
with the other that does not mean that no
they can leave six eight months or a year
with a girl with whoever
well without formalizing anything because girls
life is wonderful but not always
rosa i am that of saracho do not forget
to subscribe to our channel
youtube and leave our comments in
the bottom part about what they would like
that we asked the men or
that we have want us to return and that
let's go deeper into certain questions do not know
forget not to subscribe to our
facebook in the official non-pink way and in
so we'll see each other next
[Applause]
[Music]